---
title: a very good day
date: 25 March, 2026
---

Its a very good day today.

Today marks the start of my blogging journey. The one before this was only for testing.

Currently I am studying probability in my free time, Bayes theorem is a good addition to my thinking. I am thinking of making something AI/ML related. Maybe a simple hand drawn digits recognize thing, then if I find it interesting I will extend it to whatever I can. I am also gonna make my own implementation of the malloc function in c. Its a pretty good study on how it actually works. I found these two articles pretty cool, [this](https://gee.cs.oswego.edu/dl/html/malloc.html) and [this](https://people.freebsd.org/~jasone/jemalloc/bsdcan2006/jemalloc.pdf). Lets see when I get the time to do this. Oh yeah, I also got another idea for the caching library, how about something like a Least Computational Expensive cache. The problem with normal cache is that it is unbounded, so it grows way too fast. For this we have the LRU or the LFU, the problem with this is that it doesn't work well with recursive solution. These are more applicable in places where each data is independent of each other. So I came up with a new kind of cache. Maybe its not new, I haven't look this up on google yet. But how about a cache with a limited size that when hits the capacity, it prunes the one which took the least amount of time to compute. Now that I write it out, there are so many things with this that are just hard to implement, maybe even impossible. Like if we prune the base case from the cache, next we will prune the one after base case. So like this will we eventually have to recompute them? Will we have to re add these to the cache? I'll try to answer these later, maybe even just drop the idea all together lol, it sounds too good to be true so its probably not true. Actually I should probably implement a mutex lock to make the cache thread safe, and before that I should learn how mutex locks and multi threading works in general, and even before that I should get the motivation to write c++ code. Man writing c++ is so stupid, so many things to consider. Its fun, but exhausting. I feel burnt out whenever I write a big chunk of c++. I should learn something else, like Rust or something. Apart from this I am not doing much of anything else. I made an Arduino thing as my college project, I have some ideas for improvement so lets see how that works. I'll attach a image later if it turns out to be good. We got 20ish days until deadline so we will work on it a little.

Now let me write some stuff that I will be doing, not in any particular order. The next step for the logic-gates project is a ram. I am reading the book, currently on the 'Abaci to Chips' chapter, its getting a bit too theoretical for me. Too much history, hope it helps too. Next off is the arduino project, I am thinking of turning it into a little game of sorts. Again. I'll post a picture if I like it. After this is zecache improvement, maybe this or I just learn something about mutex locks and multi threading. Also gotta write my own malloc function, it just looks fun. Currently this is all I have on my mind to implement. Lets see what I can do with this much.

Best of luck. がんばって